okay so before the video starts i just
want to point out that the
academic planner is now available as a
pdf digital download so if you weren't
able to get hold of a physical coffee
and you still want to give it a go this
year then
i will leave the link to that in the
description
good morning it's ruby and welcome back
to another university vlog
um i think this is the fourth one
day four day three i've got myself some
porridge for breakfast
and i am gonna be heading over to campus
in well as soon as i've eaten this so
my first time on campus which i've got
to say i am quite nervous about
i don't know how busy it's going to be
it's the first day of term so it might
be busy
um i need to go to the student hub
so here i was just packing my bag for
campus as you can see
i brought quite a few things with me
because i wasn't sure how long i was
going to be on campus i had a seminar
at 9 30. i brought some things i would
need if i needed to find a space outside
where i could
do the seminar
[Music]
okay oh it's quite dark all right i'm
walking to campus now
it's probably taking a little while to
get to campus um but i'm hoping that
i'll be there just
before nine so that i'm one of the first
people there when it opens which is what
my seminar leader advised yeah it's
beautiful morning today as well
it's so crisp and beautiful and just
feel you can feel the christmas
autumn
[Music]
all right i i have not been this way
before
but okay i've just come back from queens
which is like the english
building it turns out it wasn't the
right place for me to go so i need to
send an email
and i'm just drafting that as i walk
along i am just trying to make it back
for a 9 30 preliminary seminar
i'm back and i'm reading the spanish
tragedy
again i haven't finished it yet i need
to read ahead
of 11 30 to 12 because that's when
lately and i are going to discuss it
and yeah i'm feeling very anxious at the
moment
about everything cave related it's
really scaring me basically
to be back i'm trying to like breathe
deeply to
um stop myself panicking
i want to be concrete about this kind of
thing online though um going back to
university is very scary this year and i
know it will be for many people
okay let's get reading okay so i got
started with my reading
i was reading the spanish tragedy by
kidd i'm using kindle here so i just go
through and i can make annotations and
color code my notes
in total this took me two hours to
finish
[Music]
okay it's four hours later blakely and i
just spent
four hours discussing theatricals
related things
i think it's been six hours since i've
dated you i spent
two hours reading the play then we spent
four hours discussing it
and we've got asynchronous seminars
which is
basically where everyone adds into a
discussion forum
and it works like a conversation so a
seminar leader will ask you questions
you'll go away and research it discuss
it and then you'll post back in and
it's really great because blakely and i
are in the same seminar group we spent
four hours discussing that we
used the forums and we were basically
like typing on these forums for like two
straight hours
i'm very very tired i can't really think
straight i'm gonna do some editing now
because i've got a youtube video i need
to post
i haven't posted actually for 12 days at
this point which is the longest i
haven't posted
in a long long time but i'm sorry about
that anyway
i'm actually going to get on to doing
this i've got my computer here
and the clips are just loading and i'm
so tired
it's currently 4 30. so i lit a candle
i love the fact that i can like candles
in this room
this one is actually a really old one i
think i got it in 2014 and i love the
smell so i
don't want to use it up i was editing my
declutter with me video here and
this took me maybe two hours to edit
i also had a naked bar as a snack
because i was hungry
i transferred some books that i took
photos of onto my goodreads tbr because
i like to keep on top of this there are
so many books i want to read
and it has been so cold in england at
the moment our house is really really
cold and so i ended up working
in bed in the afternoon did some admin
tasks like meal prep ideas i made this
page on notion
i also did some context research and
i watched law's new video and
then i got out of bed made my bed for
kids i do not like having an unmade bed
it's
very annoying
[Music]
basically blakely and i take it in turns
to do the washing up uh we don't
wash up our own stuff we'll just wash up
each other's and
so i did the washing up here
and i was very enacted this morning i
didn't really film
we basically spent the whole evening
chatting and
i didn't get any footage but i hope that
you enjoyed watching this video and i
hope that you have a productive week
you